2017.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2017.3:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 5)
 * General: Modified OOC XDC file to remove the HD.CLK_SRC properties which are no longer needed

2017.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 4)
 * General: Internal metadata change.

2016.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2016.3:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Changed the default librray for the demonstration testbench to xil_defaultlib.

2016.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2016.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Made the core production level
 * Fixed a bug where the AXI4-Stream TSTRB and TKEEP signal widths were not being set correctly in IPI
 * Fixed a bug where the AXI4-MM WSTRB signal width was not being set correctly in IPI
 * Fixed a bug where the AXI4-MM fixed width signals were getting converted to 1 bit wide in IPI
 * Updated the IPI propagation code to handle cases where the direction of a signal in an interface has to be changed during propagation
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Removed support for FREQ_HZ on clocks that appear within interfaces. This was incompatible with other IP and IPI
 * Made the CONFIG.VLNV property case sensitive to match other parts of the tool flow.
 * Fixed a bug in IPI where manually managed disabled signals were re-enabled after validation.
 * Fixed a bug where optional AXI4LITE signals were not enabled after IPI validation.
 * Fixed a bug in IPI validation. The READ_WRITE_MODE was not being used to control signal presence.
 * Fixed a bug in IPI validation. Interface parameters were not being pushed onto the slave interfaces, so they weren't being propagated
 * Fixed a bug in IPI where write_bd_tcl would create a file that didn't contain the decoupler's configuration information.
 * Fixed a bug in IPI validation. Not all signals were being propagated as expected.

2015.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial Release
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
