2017.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 15)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 14)
 * General: Updates to example design. No functional changes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 13)
 * General: Updated to correct IPI automation for EMC_INTF interface. No Functional changes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 12)
 * General: Updates to example design. No Functional changes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 11)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 10)
 * General: Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Interface definition updated. No functional changes
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 8)
 * Constraints updated to improve timing
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Corrected the IP level IOB constraints on Memory Interface Ports when STARTUP is enabled (AR 65523)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Added IOB attribute to interface flops (through core HDL and through XDC constraints where applicable)
 * Added option to include STARTUPE3 primitive inside the core
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 5)
 * DRC added in bd to ensure axi clock and rdclk are connected from same source, no functional changes

2015.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Updated IP to get Bus Width from common utilities for Board.
 * Updated rtl to correctly generate ADV_LDN output.
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Updated to support IPI automation for EMC_INTF interface
 * Updated the state-machine to remove the extra reads coming for Single axi transaction

2014.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Improve efficiency of Board flow support
 * modified to use new sub-cores in place of proc_common. No functional changes
 * Updating core to use utils.tcl needed for board flow from common location

2014.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Fixed the core to respond correctly for wvalid throttling (AR 59967).
 * Updated the parity calculation logic for narrow reads in Synchronous memories (AR 60065).
 * Updated the RTL for incorrect parameter calculations,no functional changes.
 * Updated the example design to support all the allowable momory combinations.

2014.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Made the parity ports optional based on user selection.
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Updated the example design to use Block Memory Generator version 8.2.
 * Virtex UltraScale Pre-Production support.

2013.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Updated the example design to use Block Memory Generator version 8.1.
 * Updated the Address maps form register type to memory.
 * Added support for XGUI 2.0.
 * Lint mandatory warnings fixed.
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support.
 * Default value of '0' has been added for parity input pin.

2013.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated the functionality to support the multiple banks in sync linear flash mode.
 * Corrected the functionality for parity bit calculation in Sync SRAM mode.
 * Support for 7-series devices at Production status
 * Added example design and demonstration testbench
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation
 * Enhanced support for IP Integrator
 * Added support for Cadence IES and Synopsys VCS simulators
 * Updated to complete transactions for non-existent address regions

2013.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Added BETA support for future devices.

2013.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Fixed the issues with core during burst operation, up reved for 2013.1
 * Optimised architecture for speed

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
