2017.4:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 5)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 4)
 * Updated FIFO Generator version
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 3)
 * Added FIFO Generator constraints

2017.1:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Updated logic to fix issues related to xsdb reset while opening a hw_target for the second time where read txn data is corrupted
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 1.2
 * Updated logic to resume queued transaction when AXI read/write response of previous transation is not OKAY
 * Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2016.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Updated fifo generator from v13.0 to v13.1

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 1.1
 * 64-Bit address support
 * Added internal register for data width and id width
 * uplus device support
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Updated fifo generator from v12.0 to v13.0

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 8)
 * Code clean-up to improve coverage numbers

2015.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 7)
 * AXI_WRITE_DONE status flag to remain asserted until issuance of a new write command
 * Updated soft reset logic to reset control registers and FIFOs
 * Added logic to halt wr/rd transactions in case of errors while executing queued transactions
 * For queued transaction, done flags are asserted after the completion of all the queued up transaction instead of assertion after every individual transaction
 * Concurrent assertion of awvalid and wvalid signals
 * Removed ooc_xdc.ttcl file reference from coreinfo

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Updated example XDC pin location constraints for new devices

2014.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Updated constraints across CDC paths between xsdb_clk and axi_aclk
 * Updated wlast deassertion logic after bvalid assertion
 * Updated logic to limit burst length to 16 when AXI4 burst type is FIXED or WRAP
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Added transaction pipelining functionality. Two new parameters, WR_TXN_QUEUE_LENGTH and RD_TXN_QUEUE_LENGTH, have been added to support back to back transaction.
 * Added read/write enable/disable/reset register

2014.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Added jtag_axi_v1_1_jtag_axi_sim.v file as simulation source

2014.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Local ARESETN generation for example design in top hdl
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Updated xsdb slave to 3.0, fifo generator to 12.v
 * Support for full bandwidth for JTAG_AXI AXI4 burst write/read transaction.

2013.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Synthesis warning reduction

2013.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * Native Vivado Release

(c) Copyright 2013 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
