2017.4:
 * Version 1.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the core in the IES/ncsim export_simulation flow

2017.3:
 * Version 1.2
 * Bug Fix: Fixed a corner case where the VSM could stay in SHUTDOWN if the RESTART command came on the clock cycle after reset was released.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed a rare corner case where a PROCEED command (issued using AXIS) for SW Shutdown could be missed if it occurred within one clock of a PROCEED command (issued using AXI-LITE) for SW Startup.
 * New Feature: Added support bitstream compression
 * Other: Changed from using the fifo_generator to xpm_fifo
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * General: No visible changes

2017.1:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2016.4:
 * Version 1.1
 * No changes

2016.3:
 * Version 1.1
 * Bug Fix: Fixed some issues with FETCH error handling if the error occurred on the first word of a transfer.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed a bug where the core failed to generate if the chosen part was an UltraScale+ part.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed a bug in the CAP arbitration code. Bitstream transfers would not start if CAP_REL was hardwired to 1.
 * New Feature: Added support for UltraScale+
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated the CAP arbitration protocol to support three modes. See the Product Guide for more information.
 * Feature Enhancement: Small change made to the customisation GUI.
 * Other: Updated the fifo_generator to v13.1.

2016.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2016.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Changed the default GUI tab to the core's symbol.
 * Clearing bitstreams can now be in bitstream location zero.
 * rm_decouple is no longer asserted after reset when "Skip RM Startup after Reset" is enabled.
 * The status register now reports Reset (b110) during an RM reset instead of LOAD(b100).
 * The behaviour of rm_reset has been changed in some cases after a Power on Reset. See the Product Guide for more information.
 * Changes to HDL library management to support Vivado IP simulation library

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Updated the fifo_generator to v13.0.  There is no change to the PRC's functionality
 * Changed the interface type on reset and icap_reset from undef to xilinx.com:signal:reset:1.0.  This fixes a bug where IPI designer assistance connects the core's active low reset to an active high reset.
 * Changed the API to dissalow negative bitstream sizes.
 * Changed the GUI to make sure allocated triggers and allocated RM values are always accurately displayed in the GUI.
 * Fixed  abug where the trigger registers couldn't be read.

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * Initial Release

(c) Copyright 2015 - 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
